hello and welcome to this analysis of
google crista in the trilogy for
Play Station
it's an honor for me to start this
analysis with the first game I had
for the console the first time I saw it
I was left blank since I had a
game 3 in an action game in third
person to have an action game in
first person and a driving game
What else could he ask for besides he was
based on a film saga more
famous of the 90 you want an old
place in 1996
the first game was based on the
first movie it was a game
of action in third person where
you had to kill every Tuesday that
they went on the screen and go rescuing
hostages
at the end of each phase I had to
deactivate a bomb that was
normally in an elevator
the second game was based on the
second movie
the game was such a crisis type and you
goal was to kill any bad guy that
I knew you on screen with guns
Shotguns a pee up with visible by
dine in exchange for killing all
bad guys i would love
the game teacher is based on the
third movie
It was a driving game and your goal
was to disable all the ways that
disseminate measures in a free time
but the days and obviously lost
a life and you were dead man
now as you may have appreciated
in the video is practically a whore
shit
it saves the fact of being a franchise
cinematographic well-known in addition to
to always put on the skin of Lyon
mclean you want a lot of sincere
paradoxically the only thing that is saved
of the game is the music is in format
cd and also has some very songs
Catchy and very good
this game will only enjoy it
those who are followers of the
saga jungle crystal if you're not
would go by long I would look for another option in
the wide catalog of the playstation
if you try the game have patience and
may john mcclain take pity on you
I hope you liked nothing and
until next time